Timefunding
Timefunding  it’s like equity crowdfunding but with time.
The crowdfunding is the collective cooperation pursued by people who form a network to obtain money or other resources. Often used on the Internet to finance efforts and initiatives of other persons or organizations. Crowdfunding can be used for many purposes, such as disaster relief, citizen journalism, the support from fans to artists, funding for start-ups, political campaigns, the promotion of the film industry, the development of free software the development of inventions, scientific research and civic projects. Crowdfunding can also refer to the financing of a business by selling small amounts of a stock to several investors.
The innovation of  Timefunding lies in finding new methods of financing for entrepreneurs and businesses through virtual currencies, time-based banks, and to introduce the necessary liquidity and availability of talent to encourage entrepreneurial activity. Thus, if properly implemented, will facilitate that anyone can be an investor, potentially expand the capacity of investment and production capacity in a new order of magnitude worldwide.
Timefounder it’s an app that allows to manage the process of give&get future equity by tracking time invested by people on the creation of a new business.
The ideia was  inspired by the need of credit off millions of entrepreneurs that don’t have money.
Inspiration came from time banks, rock bands and  the grunt funding idea form the book “slicing the pie” .
Who need it
Do you have a business idea but no money. Don’t worry, now with Timefounder you’ll able to reward with future shares to all collaborators/cofounders/advisors/mentors…
How many hours have you available this year to invest in ideas, projects and business?
Now with Timefounder, if you are an entrepreneurs you’ll be able to pay to people that does work for it with what we call future Equity shares.
And if you have time to invest you’ll be able to get rewarded with a slice of the pie for the project.
Timefounder provides a Dynamic equity split system for founders
and a tool to track  time investments and shares  for anyone who wants to become a time investor.
